Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, assume that don't have an account.
What we can do.
We can create a register button away.
So on top of that, blockchain is going to take the user to the register page.
Okay.
Now to do this, we're going to go back to our visa code.
Now out of the inkwell, I'm going to give a trailing comma.
Okay.
Now you're going to have to test what is going to say.
Don't have an account.
The order is going to say register and display this to test horizontally.
So for this level of using what's a row widget?
Okay, well, before then, I'm going to give space between us.
We get over the next we had so it says books.
And we're going to give this space vertically that is from top to bottom, and it's going to be the
height.
Probably going to see 20.
Okay.
Great idea.
Truly come over that.
We're going to have a role with you tonight.
So this 644 widget so it as the children property.
Okay I just got this call chance to save.
Okay.
Now the first chart you're going to have is a test which.
Right.
This is just going to say don't.
Okay.
What I can do is the school of.
I don't.
Have an account.
Okay.
They're not going to give this is time.
Because this time there's going to be a test tie.
We're just going to give a font size of points here.
Okay.
He's are necessary.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now what we can do, we can since had is so over this rule.
We can see the main US alignment when us is.
Main us is our main centre, physical centre.
It's horizontally.
Okay.
Great.
Now the other child is going to be a test wicket as well.
So after this test, which is we're going to have another test we did.
It's just good to see you, sir.
Okay.
Now observing the stages.
So this time is going to be test.
Stay.
Okay.
Was able to give a font size of 20 as well.
But this time around, I'm going to give a collar.
So I'm going to say color.
Call us.
Sorry.
Is that what it call?
Okay.
But in.
Ports of call.
Okay.
Hide your credit coma.
I think we are seeing more and more autotrader.com as well.
The chain of command is control and has to save.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Now I'm going to give some of that space between this dot an account and this register.
So over this test, we get.
They're going to see this as close.
This time around, I don't think you disperse horizontally.
So that is from left to right.
This is going to be weeds or from the five genesis's.
Okay great.
Now so able to make this work is touches clickable.
So what you can do the corrupted city button is going to be a type of inkwell so we can use control
dots grab what we did.
Okay.
So now we're going to see ink.
Inkwell.
Okay.
We can just add this or tab for now.
Then leave it empty.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.